
"""
Cloud Function to be triggered by cloud storage event from image_handler_tr bucket.
Processes the images by checking against google Vision AI dataset and then if non-violent send Pub/Sub message.
All images analysis details are inserted in db "mongodb" and collection "violence_score". You could change names in lines 69-70.
Create db and collection when new documented is inserted.
"""

Why using: from concurrent import futures 

Brief explanation: encapsulate the asynchronous execution of a callable and allow you to check on the callable’s status and result

 publish_futures and the get_callback function. 
 
Key reasons and benefits of using futures in this context:

Asynchronous Publishing:

  Function imageAnalysis processes an image and, based on the violent score, potentially publishes a message to a Pub/Sub topic. 
  This publishing action is asynchronous. When you call publisher.publish(), 
  it returns a Future object immediately, without waiting for the publishing action to complete. 
  This allows your function to continue executing other tasks without blocking on the completion of the publish operation.

Tracking the Publishing Process:

 The Future objects in publish_futures represent the ongoing publishing tasks.
 By adding the Future objects returned by publisher.publish() to the publish_futures list,
 effectively keeping track of these asynchronous tasks.

Handling Results and Timeouts: 

 The get_callback function creates a closure that is attached to each Future object through the add_done_callback method.
 This closure will be called once the future is completed.
 Inside this closure, attempt to get the result of the future is made, with a timeout (publish_future.result(timeout=60)).
 This allows handling both the successful completion of the publish action and the scenario where publishing times out,
 without blocking the main execution flow of your function.

Waiting for All Publish Actions:

 The line futures.wait(publish_futures, return_when=futures.ALL_COMPLETED) is used to wait for all the asynchronous publish actions to complete before your function exits.
 This ensures that all messages have either been successfully published or have timed out before the function ends its execution.

Efficiency and Responsiveness:

 By using asynchronous publishing and futures, function can remain responsive and efficient.
 It doesn't block on network I/O operations (which can be slow), and it can handle multiple publishing actions concurrently.

 futures are used in this code to:
  - efficiently manage and track asynchronous network I/O operations (publishing to Pub/Sub)
  - allowing your Cloud Function to handle these operations without blocking the main execution flow
  - manage the lifecycle of these operations through callbacks and waiting mechanisms.